doc: fs.mkdir('/') throws EPERM on Windows (#25340)
nodejs/node: doc/api/fs.md

});
```

> On Windows it is not possible to mkdir the root directory with or without recursive:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows, using `mkdir()` on the root directory even with recursion will
result in an error:
```

});
```

> On Windows, using `mkdir()` on the root directory even with recursion will

Reviewer: Sorry! One more change:

```suggestion
On Windows, using `fs.mkdir()` on the root directory even with recursion will
```

> On Windows, using `fs.mkdir()` on the root directory even with recursion will

Reviewer 2: the nit picky editor in me wonders whether this should be:

```
using `fs.mkdir()` on the root directory, even with recursion, will
result in an error on Windows:
```

Author: My preference is for the fact that it's platform specific to be first but I'm willing to do whatever the consensus is.

Reviewer: This maybe?

```markdown
On Windows, using `fs.mkdir()` on the root directory, even with recursion, will
result in an error:
```
